In this video, I want to do some task
planning for lessons coming ahead
related to the Spring Pet Clinic.
Right now, kind of what I want to do is
talk about Agile Development and what
you will do. This course is not on
Agile Development, let me pretext it with
that but I want to start passing along
some concepts around that. Our tasks
there, kind of, is our like our backlog.
In a typical Agile Development
Methodology, if we had a group of
developers on this, we would take our tasks
into a backlog and put them into a
sprint and execute it from there. But
we're not doing a full agile here. By any
means, I'm trying to show you best
practices. But I am a kind of a solo
artist here developing this up, doing
sprints and what not like that. It's
not going to be very conducive to what
we're doing. But I think having a test
backlog is a good habit for us to plan
out. Get some visibility of what's going
on. I've been working through the tasks.
I've added a couple tasks, and right now,
I'm looking at the task queue and I want
to make some changes as to how we're
going to be handling the workflow for
upcoming lessons. So what I want to do
right now is this one here, the Create Pet
Clinic Controllers, I thought that was a
little too broad and I am going to edit
that
and I'm going to say Create...
Create Vet Index page and controller. I'm
going to change that task and save that.
Let's come back
here to the issues and now I want to
create a New Issue for Create Owner
index page and controller. That's
going to be another task that will take
on. Let's go back to our
issues. We talked about
implementing these equal methods.
On this one here, I'm going to say Hold this
task - for Project Lombok.
On a a better issue tracker like Jira, we
could actually put it on a hold status
and get better visibility. I'm just
doing that in a comment here. Project
Lombok, we're going to get into that in a
few chapters beyond this one but it has
some really cool tools for us to
implement an equals method so take
a close look at implementing that equals
method using project Lombok. I'm just
going to put a placeholder in there so I
don't forget to do that.
Come back over here to the Isues.
Let's create a New Issue. I'm going to
say create our Load Bootstrap
Data on Startup. What this means
is that we're going to populate our data
upon starting up the Spring Boot application.
We'll have a hook in there
so when Spring comes up, it's going to
create data. This is a pretty common
thing. I actually first saw it from the
Grails guys doing it. They call it
bootstrap. This is old. I don't know
if its specific to US or not, but there's
a saying in the US to pull yourself up
by your bootstraps and that's where
booting a computer comes from.
That means to start up bootstraps and
pulling yourself up by your bootstraps.
Sometimes you like do it in the morning
to get up. We're going to
bootstrap data up on startup so it means
populating our tables with that. I
will show you that in an upcoming lesson
for sure and then what we want to do is
add in. We are going to List all Vets
on the Vet index pages.
In doing this, what we need to do is
set up the plumbing to take the list of
Vets out of the database or our Map
implementation and provide them to
Thymeleaf and configure Thymeleaf to go
ahead and give us that information on
the web page. We're going to create a
another one here.
We're going to List all Owners on the
Index Page, similar to the Vets, but this
time for Owner. So another a little bit
of work that we need to do. This is
going to give us a very bland site so
what we want to do is start implementing
some things here. We'll say
Copy all for
Static Resources from Spring Pet Clinic.
The Pet Clinic project will bring
over the static resources. We'll just bring
over the images,
js, css,
anything that they have or their
static resources. We're going to
bring that over into this project. That's the
official Spring Pet Clinic. You can see
there, I actually have a tab open for it.
We'll be copying over those. Let's
create another issue.
I'm going to copy over to the
Master Template from Spring Pet Clinic.
We'll add that as a task.
There's that actually. You have the
page and then there's a template to
apply all the styling and menus and
footers and stuff to every page so that
task is going to be to bring that into
our project. And then what we want to do
is apply that template.
Actually, a better word is layout.
This is apply the master layout to
index page. I'm going to submit that.
Apply the master layout to the Owners
List Page. We also want to do that.
We'll apply that Master Layout
to the Vet list page as well.
Let's come back here and look at the
issues, we got lucky 13 number of issues
so now we have a number of tasks in our
queue and we'll be taking with us out of
our work queue as we progress developing
lessons for Spring Pet Clinic.